Claiomh Solais Consulting (pronounced <kleev, sol’ ish>) is a management consulting and implementation firm, servicing the Dallas - Fort Worth Metroplex.  We specialize in Business Strategy/Management Consulting, Marketing, and Implementation offerings and aim to provide our clients with integrity-based solutions, tailored to their specific business needs.  

The story of Solais begins in celtic folklore.  The name of our firm, taken from the stories of the Claíomh Solais (literally, fiery/flaming sword), fully embodies our company values of collaboration, bravery, and never giving up.

The folk tales involving the Claíomh Solais generally compel the hero to perform three dire tasks, assisted along the way by partners/helpers.  During this adventure, the hero faces a giant that cannot be defeated except by secret means, as his fiery Claíomh Solais is not enough to ensure certain victory.  This adversary conceals his secret and the hero must determine how to overcome his deadly foe with the aide of his fellow characters, attacking the newly exposed vulnerability.  

These stories, though tales by nature, depict a beautiful picture of the role of the consultant in modern business.  Consulting firms possess tools to attack the strategic problems of today, but without assistance and insight into the particular vulnerabilities that a company encounters, we cannot ensure certain victory.

At Claiomh Solais Consulting, we understand that the same Big Firm framework of yesterday may not be the solution needed to dispel our client’s individual giants of today.  By partnering with our clients, learning their intricacies intimately, and holding a stake in the outcome, we build a plan of success that will work for them.  The best part is that clients don't need to become reliant on our firm to continue growing and exceeding their business goals.  We equip them with the proper tools, complete the changes together, and leave them with the Claíomh Solais in hand; prepared to fight the battles your company faces in the future.  

Every solution, every recommended direction, and every project is designed to make the client successful.  You don't have to second-guess our motives because success for us is making our clients successful.  This unique culture of trust is what sets us apart.
