## What we do
Claiomh Solais Consulting (pronounced <kleev solâ€™ ish>) is a management and
implementation, startup consulting firm.  We specialize in Business
Strategy/Management Consulting, Marketing, and Implementation and passionately
assist newly formed startups,  mid-size businesses, and large corporations in
their pursuit of better business.


## Management Consulting
Our Management Consulting team provides strategy, organization, operations,
technology, transformation, digital and advanced analytics, and mergers and
acquisitions expertise to our clients.  We analyze and improve company
performance, providing clients with an external perspective on their operations.

The bottom line: Improve company operations, increase company revenue, and
establish a framework and standard operating procedures for future company
success.

## Marketing
Our Marketing Services team provides clients with training, design support, and
strategic branding to re-imagine our clients organizations, developing personal
and professional branding strategies to align with product/service offerings.  

We use illustrative frameworks and tools to win additional customers for our
clients, building graphical representations of difficult topics, and
methodically and strategically building brands in new markets.

## Implementation
Our IT Implementation team guides client from the purchase and installation of
IT systems to a seamless use of that software or hardware. This includes
requirements analysis, scope analysis, customizations, systems integrations,
user policies, user training and delivery and each step is overseen by a
project manager.  

In addition to the industry accepted IT implementation definition,
Claiomh Solais Consulting, LLC partners with firms to provide additional
implementation and souring services as clients have need.  These additional
services include staff augmentation, Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS),
Software as a Service (Saas), and a growing list of additional offerings.
